Q:What is Emmet?
Sol:Emmet is a plug in for many popular text editors which greatly improves HTML & CSS workflow.
Ctrl+space

For e.g:-

Div with txt inside:
div{This is a div}
=><div>This is a div</div>

Nested elements:
ul>li
=><ul><li></li></ul>

Classes and ids:
div#main.container.responsive
<div id="main" class="container responsive"></div>
You can specify multiple classes but do remember that you can have only one id. 
If you specify two id’s using #, the 2nd id will override the first.

Ref:https://medium.com/@kartik2406/web-development-with-vs-code-part-1-emmet-6af80f0f630c

Q:Difference between a Library and Framework?
Sol:Library is like building your home from the ground up. 
The house can be made in any style you prefer and the rooms can be arranged and decorated however you like. 
Framework, on the other hand, is like buying a new home. 
The house is already built, so you don’t have to worry about building problems, but you can’t choose how the rooms are arranged.

Imp Of Framework:
Software frameworks make development easier by providing a common platform from which developers can control all or most of the software development process. 

Imp of Library:
 to reuse the code that has already been written by someone else (or another developer). Developers can avoid writing code for functionality that is already written in the library by using it.

Difference:
 By using a library, you control the flow of the program. 
 The library can be invoked whenever and wherever you like. 
 Contrary to this, when you use a framework, the flow is controlled by the framework. 
 The framework instructs you where to put your code, but it will call your code as required. 
 Simply put, our code calls the library’s code, but in a framework, 
 it’s the framework’s code that calls our code as shown in the below diagram.

 Libraries are a collection of helper modules, objects, classes, functions, message templates, pre-written code, etc.
 Frameworks consist of a lot of APIs, compilers, toolsets, support programs, libraries, etc.

 Libraries are not extensible ,they are designed to accomplish a specific purpose,
 whereas Frameworks provide general functionality beacuse of which they are built to be extensible

 Performance is better in case of libraries as they contain less code.  

 Integration of libraries into an existing project is very easy whereas it is impossible to integrate a framework,
 frameworks should be used when starting a new project.

 Libraries:JQuery, React JS, etc.
 Frameworks:Spring, NodeJS, AngularJS, Vue JS, etc

Q:What is CDN? Why do we use it?
Sol:A content delivery network (CDN) is a group of geographically distributed servers 
that speed up the delivery of web content by bringing it closer to where users are. 
Data centers across the globe use caching, a process that temporarily stores copies of files,
so that you can access internet content from a web-enabled device or 
browser more quickly through a server near you. 

CDNs cache content like web pages, images, and video in proxy servers near to your physical location. 
This allows you to do things like watch a movie, download software, check your bank balance, 
post on social media, or make purchases, without having to wait for content to load.

You could think of a CDN like an ATM. Having a cash machine on practically every corner makes it fast 
and efficient to get money. There’s no wait time in long bank lines, and the ATMs are placed in many 
convenient locations for immediate access.

Imp:
    The load/traffic on server decreases
    Downtime of website decreases
    Increases the security of the website
    User Experience improves
    It is cheap

Ref:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wgv24Dkq6VU

Q:What are arrow functions?
Sol:
Arrow functions have a few key differences compared to traditional function expressions:
    Arrow functions use the => syntax to define the function. 
    The arrow comes after the parameter list and before the function body.

    If the function has only one expression in its body, the braces and return keyword can be omitted. 
    The expression's value is automatically returned.

    Arrow functions do not have their own this binding. 
    Instead, this is lexically scoped, meaning that it refers to the this value of the enclosing 
    lexical context.

    Arrow functions cannot be used as constructors. 
    They do not have a prototype property and cannot be called with new.

    Arrow functions are particularly useful when writing shorter, 
    more concise functions or when using them as callback functions. 
    They are also frequently used in conjunction with array methods like map, filter, and reduce.

Q:Why is React known as React?
Sol:The name "React" comes from the idea of building reactive user interfaces. 
A reactive user interface is one that responds to user input or changes in the application's data, 
updating the UI in real-time without requiring a page refresh or reload. 

React achieves this by using a virtual DOM (Document Object Model) to manage the state of the UI, 
updating only the parts that need to change instead of re-rendering the entire page.

The name "React" also reflects the library's declarative programming style. 
In a declarative programming approach, the developer specifies what the UI should look like, 
and the library takes care of the how.

Overall, the name "React" captures the library's core principles of reactivity 
and declarative programming

Q:What is crossorigin in script tag?
Q:What is diference between React and ReactDOM
Q:What is difference between react.development.js and react.production.js files via CDN?
Q:What is async and defer? 